Zomato_Business_Performance_Final_Project/README.md, before:

# Zomato Business Performance Final Project

I was hired as a junior analyst at Zomato 🌍 — a global restaurant aggregator and food delivery company 🍽️.  
As part of my onboarding process 🚀, I received several test datasets 📊 to analyze the business performance of restaurants and customers registered on the platform.  

At Zomato, the BI-Analytics Team 🧠 typically focuses on three main types of analysis:  

- **Customer Analysis & Segmentation 👥:** Who are our customers? How can we segment them? What does their purchasing behavior reveal?  
- **Restaurant Analysis 🍴:** Which restaurants are the most popular and generate the highest revenue? What factors drive their success?  
- **Sales Analysis 💰:** How do sales and revenue evolve over time? What are the key KPIs and trends in the distribution of sales?  

I decided to choose the 2nd option: **Which restaurants are the most popular and generate the highest revenue? What factors drive their success?**
To answer these questions, 
- I developed & presented an interactive dashboard 📈
- Highlighted insights from my chosen analysis area
- Summarized key findings in a report 📑.

Commit message:

Revise project explanation and add resource links
Updated the README to clarify project approach and resources.

Zomato_Business_Performance_Final_Project/README.md, after:

# Zomato Business Performance Final Project

I was hired as a junior analyst at Zomato 🌍 — a global restaurant aggregator and food delivery company 🍽️.  
As part of my onboarding process 🚀, I received several test datasets 📊 to analyze the business performance of restaurants and customers registered on the platform.  

At Zomato, the BI-Analytics Team 🧠 typically focuses on three main types of analysis:  

- **Customer Analysis & Segmentation 👥:** Who are our customers? How can we segment them? What does their purchasing behavior reveal?  
- **Restaurant Analysis 🍴:** Which restaurants are the most popular and generate the highest revenue? What factors drive their success?  
- **Sales Analysis 💰:** How do sales and revenue evolve over time? What are the key KPIs and trends in the distribution of sales?  

I decided to choose the 2nd option: **Which restaurants are the most popular and generate the highest revenue? What factors drive their success?**
To answer these questions:
- I wrote a [Project Plan Decomposition](https://github.com/timothy-pitts/Data_projects_TripleTen/tree/main/Zomato_Business_Performance_Final_Project/Decomposition) to break down my plan for answering the question :clipboard:
- I developed & presented an interactive [Tableau Dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/tim5073/viz/FinalProjectBusinessProblemZomato/Dashboard1#1) 📈
- I summarized key findings in a [Report](https://github.com/timothy-pitts/Data_projects_TripleTen/tree/main/Zomato_Business_Performance_Final_Project/Report) 📑
